I will promise you this that if we have
not gotten our troops out by the time I
am president it is the first thing I
will do I will get our troops home we
will bring an end to this war you can
take that to the bank President Obama
has made the first combat decision of
his presidency as he signed off on
sending 17,000 more American troops to
afghanistan the first to go roughly
8,000 Marines from Camp Lejeune will be
on the ground in late spring followed by
four thousand soldiers from an army
Stryker Brigade at Fort Lewis a US
military official says both are being
trained for dual missions fight the
insurgency and mentor the Afghan army
5,000 more support troops will get
orders at a later date this is not a
surge this operation is being planned as
a sustained commitment over several
years and you can't do a surge for that
long
hot
on the brink of playa high unemployment
sticking around foreclosures jump twenty
percent while after the debt crisis
seven million jobs lost the nation's
debt keeps surging change has come to
America the concept of tarp I was
willing to go along with it I think
there is need for economic stimulus guy
signed a letter with Democrat hey where
are the people that say all of this
stuff is socialism deference to be the
role of government ought to be for the
protection of Liberty not for the
intrusion in economic affairs we've
spent too much we taxed too much we
borrowed too much it's bankrupting this
country I've been talking about these
problems for a long long time now we're
a bankrupt and we have to decide which
way we're going to go I Ron Paul and I
approve this message